Publish minimal s2n_config APIs and add documentation (#3972)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/USAGE-GUIDE.md

`s2n_config` objects are used to change the default settings of a s2n-tls connection. Use `s2n_config_new()` to create a new config object. To associate a config with a connection call `s2n_connection_set_config()`. A config should not be altered once it is associated with a connection as this will produce undefined behavior. It is not necessary to create a config object per connection; one config object should be used for many connections. Call `s2n_config_free()` to free the object when no longer needed. _Only_ free the config object when all connections using it have been freed.

> Creating configs with `s2n_config_new()` can have performance implications at config-creation time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating configs with `s2n_config_new()` can have a performance cost at startup due to loading default system certs...
```
Does this sound better?

due to loading default system certificates into the trust store (see 

> [Configuring the Trust Store](#configuring-the-trust-store)). If these system certificates are not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Configuring the Trust Store](#configuring-the-trust-store)).`s2n_config_new_minimal()` can be used instead to create configs without loading default system certificates.
```
Trying to make this sound better?

Reviewer: Bleh this is kind of hard to phrase. But essentially I'm trying to switch your sentences to be more active rather than passive.

### Configuring the Trust Store

To validate the peer’s certificate, a config's local “trust store” must contain a certificate
that can authenticate the peer’s certificate.

Configs created with `s2n_config_new_minimal()` contain empty trust stores, and are not able to
validate any certificates by default. To add certificates to the trust store, call
`s2n_config_set_verification_ca_location()` or `s2n_config_add_pem_to_trust_store()`.

Operating systems typically install a set of default system certificates used by TLS clients to
verify the authenticity of public TLS servers. If s2n-tls is operating as a client connecting to
such a server, `s2n_config_load_system_certs()` can be used to load the system default certificates
into the trust store. Alternatively, a config can be created with `s2n_config_new()`, which loads
the system certificates into the trust store by default.

If s2n-tls is operating as a server, or is a client connecting to a non-public TLS server, the

> certificates issued to public TLS servers should not be trusted. In these scenarios, 

Author: Isn't there potentially a security concern? Like, if s2n-tls is operating as a private server with a private CA that signed a certificate to a client for mutual auth, but the user accidentally forgot to call `s2n_config_wipe_trust_store` on the server, couldn't a non-trusted client get a certificate signed by a public CA and use this to connect to the private server? 

I was kind of trying to ignore/deprecate `s2n_config_new` because of this risk. It seems safer to always just call `s2n_config_new_minimal` and add system certificates manually if they're needed. But I might be misunderstanding the risk!

Our current documentation does specify that `s2n_config_wipe_trust_store` should be called to override the trust store in both functions that add certs to the trust store, so maybe it's okay to just keep this as the recommendation. I re-wrote the documentation to focus on the performance of `s2n_config_new_minimal`, and kept the existing documentation for the new + wipe + add cert pattern.

> certificates issued to public TLS servers should not be trusted. In these scenarios, 

Author: I added a note about the verify_host callback to the Configuring the Trust Store section!

> `s2n_config_new_minimal()` should be used when creating configs to avoid loading system 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`s2n_config_new_minimal()` should be used when creating configs as there is no need to trust public TLS certificates.
```
You've already explained what s2n_config_new_minimal does so I don't think it's necessary to repeat yourself here.

Reviewer: Also do you think we should mention that s2n_config_new takes longer to execute than minimal?

### Configuring the Trust Store

To validate the peer’s certificate, a config's local “trust store” must contain a certificate
that can authenticate the peer’s certificate. To add certificates to the trust store, call
`s2n_config_set_verification_ca_location()` or `s2n_config_add_pem_to_trust_store()`.

> Operating systems typically install a set of default system certificates used by TLS clients to
> verify the authenticity of public TLS servers. `s2n_config_new()` initializes the trust store with
> these system certificates by default. If s2n-tls is verifying certificates and is not a TLS client
> connecting to a public TLS server, the system certificates should be cleared with
> `s2n_config_wipe_trust_store()` before calling `s2n_config_set_verification_ca_location()` or
> `s2n_config_add_pem_to_trust_store()`.

Reviewer 2: This is a little tricky. The system trust store might not just contain like generic public CA certificates. Since the system trust store can be configured, it might contain custom or organization-specific certificates. So I'm not sure about the first sentence saying "Operating systems typically install", and customer might need to keep the trust store even if not accessing a public internet server.
```suggestion
`s2n_config_new()` initializes the trust store with the default system certificates, which may include public CAs or other unexpected certificates. If s2n-tls is verifying certificates and but does not require the default system certificates, they should be cleared with
`s2n_config_wipe_trust_store()` before calling `s2n_config_set_verification_ca_location()` or
`s2n_config_add_pem_to_trust_store()`.
```

Reviewer 2: This might also be the right place to mention the importance of verify_host_fn ;)

### Configuring the Trust Store

To validate the peer’s certificate, a config's local “trust store” must contain a certificate
that can authenticate the peer’s certificate. To add certificates to the trust store, call
`s2n_config_set_verification_ca_location()` or `s2n_config_add_pem_to_trust_store()`.

`s2n_config_new()` initializes the trust store with the default system certificates, which may
include public CAs or other unexpected certificates. If s2n-tls is verifying certificates and does
not require these default system certificates, they should be cleared with
`s2n_config_wipe_trust_store()` before calling `s2n_config_set_verification_ca_location()` or
`s2n_config_add_pem_to_trust_store()`.

Note that if s2n-tls is operating as a server performing client authentication, the
`s2n_verify_host_fn` callback must be implemented to validate the identity of all received
certificates. If the identity of the received certificates are implicit (i.e. the certificates are

> self-signed, or signed by a privately owned CA), the `s2n_verify_host_fn` callback need not perform

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should restrict this statement to client auth. Like, at most we should mention it's more likely with client auth. This would be important to know for a server using self-signed certs as well, it's just more likely the default implementation of s2n_verify_host_fn would work for that server.
